Excitement is a feeling and mood full of activity, joy, exhilaration and upheaval Aromatherapy: Blend of Grapefruit, Bergamot and Lemon Light Status: Red Playing: Beach Waves

A calm heart is always less stressful. Free your mind and heart from anxiety, anger and have peace within your soul. Aromatherapy: Blend of Lavender, Light Status: Blue Playing: Nature Waves

The key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go Aromatherapy: Rose Light Status: Blend of Reds Playing: Love is in the air

By finding balance in your everyday life, you can bring so much positivity and light to your current mood Aromatherapy: Blend of Clove, Patchouli, Sandalwood Light Status: Green Playing: Japanese Garden

Motivation reflects something unique about each one of us and allows us to gain valued outcomes like improved performance, enhanced well-being, personal growth, and a sense of purpose Aromatherapy: Bergamont, Tangeringe, LIme Light Status: Orange Playing: Morning Glory

The secret of change is to focus all your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new. Aromatherapy: Blend of Wintergreen, Rosemary and Peppermint Light Status: Lime Green Playing: Soothing Sounds

Empowerment reflects something unique about each one of us and allows us to gain valued outcomes like improved performance, enhanced well-being, personal growth, and a sense of purpose Aromatherapy: Bergamont, Tangeringe, and Lime Light Status: Purple Playing: Winners Circle

Romance is a powerful force that makes you feel connected. You always gain by giving love. Aromatherapy “Rose” , Light Status: Pink,  Sound “love is in the air”.

To relax means to liberate the mind, the body, or both.  Relaxing can quiet your mind, make you feel peaceful and live in the present moment. Take a deep breath, and enjoy life!” Aromatherapy would be “Grapefruit” and sound would be “peaceful waterfall

Energize means to feel enthusiasm and determination to do something. The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body and the better you feel.” Aromatherapy would be “Frankincense” and sound  “feeling strong